[Docs] Doxygen test 3 (#3905)
The-OpenROAD-Project/OpenROAD: docs/contrib/DeveloperGuide.md

clang-tidy -p ./build source_file.cpp
clang-format -i -style=file:.clang-format source_file.cpp
```

## Doxygen

> OpenROAD's Doxygen pages may be found <a href="../doxygen_output/html/index.html">here</a>.
> 
> In addition, OpenROAD uses Doxygen style comments. Our preferred syntax 
> for Doxygen comments can be found in this [file](../../src/odb/include/odb/odb.h).
> Also, do refer to the official Doxygen documentation for more information on what you can include in 
> your Doxygen comments [here](https://www.doxygen.nl/manual/docblocks.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenROAD uses Doxygen style comments to generate documentation.
See the generated documentation <a href="../doxygen_output/html/index.html">here</a>.
Our preferred syntax for Doxygen comments can be found in this
[file](../../src/odb/include/odb/odb.h). Also, do refer to the official Doxygen
documentation for more information on what you can include in your Doxygen
comments [here](https://www.doxygen.nl/manual/docblocks.html).
```
